Gwenevere Abriel: Gabriel's Laura. Hi.
Gabriel: Hi there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I sure have been wondering how that that trip went. I know there were, it wasn't for a positive occasion, but what was that travel
Gabriel: To South Carolina.
Gabriel: Yeah, I mean, it was positive. My brother graduated from the Marine Corps.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I do apologize I I planted a different story because it was a funeral.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I was like,
Gabriel: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was a positive thing. Okay.
Gabriel: It was it was it was awesome. We have to get up early.
Gabriel: My mother lives in North Carolina.
Gabriel: So she drove down to Parris Island, South Carolina, where the Marine Corps basis and she got a big Airbnb house and we all stayed there and it was really cool. We barbecued and had a really good time.
Gabriel: Like to be with your family and get it was awesome.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean I guess I just picture you sort of this sort of a lot of ways, kind of isolated and then to be around family.
Gabriel: What did you do, yeah.
Gabriel: What do you notice what's really cool. I took Ashley with me and the baby and my grandmother lives here in New Mexico and my mom hadn't seen her mom in a little while. So she flew out there with me.
Gabriel: And it was really cool. Everyone likes Ashley.
Gabriel: It was really fun.
Gabriel: It was really cool. We all hung out
Gabriel: We spent the last day in Charleston, South Carolina.
Gabriel: Which is right by the beach was really fun.
And
Gabriel: Now I'm back. Back to reality.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how was
Gabriel: How was the dynamic between you and Ashley when you were out there. It was nice. It was nice. She hasn't moments I think she's, uh,
Gabriel: I think she's like bipolar or something because sometimes. She's okay and sometimes. She's like, it's really strange.
Gabriel: So I don't know.
Go ahead.
Gabriel: At the same time, I think everyone is a little bit bipolar, just a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, it's from that particular term has been sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Normalize same way people use this word I'm anti social I don't think people would use it if they really knew what it meant.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think people sort of use it in a non diagnostic way.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you find yourself bipolar.
Gabriel: Um, you know, I feel like I
Gabriel: When I say Bipolar I think people have like mood swings, like I categorize the word. I feel like they're both synonymous.
Okay.
Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you feel like you have highs and lows that feel extreme
Gabriel: I think everyone does. Maybe not extreme but
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you're the person of interest. Right. I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: So what about you, what's it like for you to sit feel like they're more lows and highs or that it shifts on a daily basis or tell me about what it's like to be you these days.
Gabriel: Yeah, I mean, I don't know. I think my life is going okay um I moved into a new apartment. So that's pretty nice.
Oh,
Gabriel: It's nice.
Gabriel: We're on the top floor. It's a little more private um there.
Gabriel: There are 20 units in the building. There's a doorman at the bottom, there's complementarity coffee and snacks at the bottom.
Gabriel: There's a lobby.
Gabriel: It's very secure so on Monday, I was loading my son to take him to daycare before I came to work and I set my work back down to load him in and I drove to drop him off and I'm working in a neighboring town. It's like a small little town.
Gabriel: But it's definitely not Albuquerque. And I was about
Gabriel: 510 minutes away when I realized I forgot my bag. I left it near the car.
Gabriel: In the parking lot and I was so nervous and so scared and I drove all the way back there, really, really fast and it was still there.
Gabriel: An hour and a half later. Yeah.
Gabriel: And I was upset because I had my work computer in there and I signed a contract, saying, If I lose the computer, they're going to charge me $4,000 for it and then
Gabriel: My iPad was in their portable chargers headphones, all kinds of stuff.
Gabriel: And and they were still there, but had it been the other building. I lived in, it would have been gone for sure.
Gabriel: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: So you had some some mixed feelings going on about moving in with Ashley, are you doing
Gwenevere Abriel: But in the reality of now that you've moved in. How you doing around that.
Gabriel: It's not too bad. Okay.
Gabriel: At the same time, I feel like I get real emotional sometimes
Gabriel: About things but
Gabriel: I don't know. Sometimes I feel like
Gabriel: I think into things too much.
Gabriel: And at the same time, like, maybe not.
Gwenevere Abriel: So how do you know how to register, whether it's maybe a word like adaptive. You know how you say too much, or maybe it's too little, maybe it's fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, how do you know whether you're thinking into and I might say analyzing how do you, how do you know it's adaptive
Gwenevere Abriel: Meaning helping you right we you have that skill of analysis to serve us so that we can look to the future and and plan things in organizing need that skill. How do you know it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Adaptive versus ruminative where it's actually getting in the way. So how do you know whether it's helping you or hindering you
Gabriel: I don't think that I do know.
Gabriel: I don't think I've had that thought.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you did just now. Right. I don't know if it's to lunch.
Gabriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't we go there for a moment. Let's just different to see what are you really talking about
Gabriel: I just think that sometimes I overthink things
Gabriel: And then sometimes i think i don't
Gabriel: That make sense at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't. So maybe
Gabriel: I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you were overthinking don't you tell me a story about when you you assess yourself as maybe I was overthinking
Gabriel: I don't know. I think I'll just overthink things about my relationship that that you know what am I doing in this relationship. It's
Gabriel: It's very one sided I feel trapped. I made a bad decision. Okay. And then other times I think I'm so lucky to be in this relationship.
Gabriel: Yeah, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah so still pretty general let's see if we can get into a story about when you recently had this this experience of thinking too much and you had a summary of I feel trapped
Gwenevere Abriel: How recent lunch at what was going on.
Gabriel: Not, I want to say was
Gabriel: Maybe two weeks ago.
Gabriel: Okay, what was going on. Um, I just felt
Gabriel: You know, Ashley was at work and you know i was i don't know if you remember when we talked about how she deleted my social media and
Gabriel: All the phone numbers out of my cell phone and that sort of thing.
Gabriel: I was thinking that, you know, she probably has like her own like social media accounts that she logs into at work and like hide them behind my back and that sort of thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, why don't we just take the fact that she deleted those two things just stay there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gabriel: What's your reference
Gwenevere Abriel: For whether that is an adaptive um positive investment in a healthy relationship.
Gabriel: You know i i think
Gabriel: I don't know that I don't think that it is healthy because she should trust me by now. I'm going to shouldn't be like she does it. So I don't have contact with other women but
Gabriel: I mean, I will anyway you know
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. She can't actually control you.
Um,
Gabriel: But she tries to and if she doesn't get her way she gets upset, but
Gabriel: But remember,
Gwenevere Abriel: This is am I thinking too much.
Gwenevere Abriel: Am I thinking too much.
Gwenevere Abriel: isn't about thinking too much. Isn't this about what's okay with you and what is not so.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it okay that this person that you
Gwenevere Abriel: Are in a relationship with related
Gwenevere Abriel: Social media.
Gwenevere Abriel: And your phone numbers.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ask that again.
Gabriel: I'm sorry, I was just switching it to my headset.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm asking you, I'm asking you, maybe the question.
Gwenevere Abriel: I different question might be,
Gwenevere Abriel: You get to decide what's okay and what's not okay for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it okay
Gwenevere Abriel: That she removed social media and your contact numbers not analyzing her motivation that's that's that's irrelevant.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just. Is it okay with you.
Gabriel: Know it's not okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: You mentioned. Hey, by now. It would be nice if she had some trust. But what don't you like about the fact that she removed the social media and the phone numbers. Why is that something you don't like.
Gabriel: Oh well, I used to keep in contact with my family that lives in other states.
Gabriel: Okay, yeah. So that really bothered me because now I can't, you know, talk to them.
Gabriel: All the time, like they were right there. Like before I could just, you know, now I just feel
Gabriel: Like I have no one to talk to about anything.
Gabriel: I would have liked for to talk to me about it to say, look, you know, I feel like this is this and this is this and maybe we should try this.
Gabriel: Right, instead of her just going behind my back and doing it and you know that being that like that's not okay.
So now.
Gwenevere Abriel: So flip it over to what you do, like, what is it, because you ran into some moments with with Ashley on this trip. Sounds like you did like some things that were going on with her. What did you see that you liked
Gabriel: I just know that you know she's a nice person and
Gabriel: She cooked for me and
Gabriel: She told me nice thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: I should tell you that feels
Nice.
Gabriel: That she loved me.
Gabriel: That she cares about me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you believe that to be true.
Gabriel: Yeah.
Gabriel: I mean, I'm sure there are moments just like you know everyone else in every relationship there are moments when
Gabriel: You can't stand up there in person. There are moments that you do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes I wonder if you're what's missing is some sort of reference point, as if it's almost like you can't sort of envision, what's a reasonable healthy sort of marriage, in a sense, it's almost like you're questioning it like a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: Like you're not trusting yourself.
Gabriel: Um,
Gabriel: Well, I mean, yeah, I guess in a way. My parents were divorced
Gabriel: But my, my uncle and onto been married for a long time and I lived with them when I was really young I asked them for advice and
Gabriel: They give us pretty good advice. Ashley and I
Gabriel: Know we see them know several times a year. They live in Los Angeles.
Gwenevere Abriel: What kind of good advice. You're getting
Gabriel: Or you know that it's that it's going to be hard in a relationship that we're not always going to get along that
Gabriel: You know, you have to stick with it if you want it.
Gabriel: To last that's that's the way it is.
Gabriel: You know it isn't happiness all the time life like that doesn't exist.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, and that's what I'm getting at. I'm trying to say that I cannot quite see where your limit is
Gwenevere Abriel: And so we here at least in here about these things that she's doing and you're wondering, you know, is this reasonable, where is this a diagnosis is this that she has something really wrong to I want to be with this person.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who have you talked to, or have you talked with anyone about her removing social media and your contact numbers from your phone that falls in sort of that other people's opinions about whether that's okay or reasonable
Gabriel: Say that again, I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you talked with
Gwenevere Abriel: Us about
Gabriel: About that she did, she did that. Yeah, I've talked to
Gabriel: Talk to
Gabriel: My mom and she's like, well, I guess you don't really need social media.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your phone fact that you don't have the contact numbers.
Gabriel: Yeah, I mean I guess I don't know. I don't think that I've talked to her about her. Yeah, she just laughed. She's like, haha funny.
Gabriel: But
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see this. Do you think she thinks it's cute.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because that's what love looks like.
Gabriel: No thanks.
Gwenevere Abriel: And why is it cute.
Gabriel: I was trying to think about it. I
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is how you present in here. Right. It's everything is fine. We're good, we're good, we're good.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then we're not. We're good, we're not we're not we're not
We're good, we're good, we're good.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that might be what's confusing is you're able to really compartmentalize
Gwenevere Abriel: And you shut off all the bad and you can focus on the good, but when it's bad. You shut off all the good
Gwenevere Abriel: You still hear me.
Gabriel: Yeah, yeah, that's a
Gabriel: Message.
From
Gwenevere Abriel: So what are your thoughts on what I just said.
Gabriel: I agree with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me more.
Gabriel: In regards to what you said.
Gwenevere Abriel: Certainly not. What I didn't say
Gabriel: Well, I mean, I agree with you but
Gwenevere Abriel: It isn't about agreement Gabriel and want to know what you just did with that information if it's if you didn't hear me.
Gabriel: I heard what you said.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, why did I say
Gabriel: You said one. We're in here. It seems like everything is good. Everything is good. And then we talk and then everything's good. Everything's not good. And then everything's good again.
Okay.
Gabriel: And I agree with you. Yeah, I come in, in the last time I got in a fight. What I saw just now is last time we had this conversation. I went home and I got in a fight with Ashley because I told her. Oh, this isn't okay that you do all this. Hey, that's what I thought.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I said, more and I said, I'm wondering if that's what it's like where you cut off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Other information. In other words, is only one thing at a time. It's all good. It's all fine. I don't want to think about any of the negative stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then when you can't stand it anymore, then it's all bad. And you can integrate a little bit of good which creates balance.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so for you. It may feel bipolar meaning of these two poles, good, bad, good, bad, good, bad, but it isn't that it isn't just, oh, I'm going to focus on the stuff, the way life is. Right. I mean, it's a lot more interweave with good about together.
Gwenevere Abriel: they coexist.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's not all one thing you're not all one thing
Gabriel: Yeah, that makes sense.
Gabriel: Maybe I'll practice that next time I
Gabriel: Need to practice that next time on that.
Gabriel: Because I do do that I
Gabriel: Do, do the, you know, whenever I'm upset. Everything is bad. Everything's bad but what you're saying is, remember things that are good, too.
Gabriel: But
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not going to be as intense, it won't feel like such a swing to the
Gabriel: Yeah, sometimes we get sick and nothing can make it right. And then it's like, and then this is wrong. This is wrong.
Gabriel: And I can't find anything. That's right.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a pretty common phenomenon. What people do once they're in a particular negative network. Let's say you've gone to this opposite, you're going to be scanning your environment looking
Gwenevere Abriel: For more things people are doing to justify what you're already thinking and feeling about the situation.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're already looking for, let's say the negative you're scanning for Oh, she just did this. Oh, she just did that.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can do it to ourselves to
Gwenevere Abriel: If we're in a moment of perfectionism, and we're being hard on ourselves. We can be scanning for looking at my failure here. Look, I didn't do this and we can also in the opposite.
Gwenevere Abriel: Be minimizing some of our errors or some missteps and be just like I'm good, I'm good, I'm good, I'm good, I'm good, I'm good, and not have a balance and self perception, either.
Gwenevere Abriel: Them or not, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's shift gears a little bit. I want to bring your attention to sort of a bit of preparation. I think down the line. I'd like to do some therapeutic intervention with you called em, Dr.
Gwenevere Abriel: And in order to do that I need to do some preparation. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: The preparation is therapeutic too. So it's a win win.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to, I'm going to invite you right now to never remember whether people have been in the group at the time when I educated around the side the subjective unit of distress.
Gwenevere Abriel: That sounds familiar. When I asked you to come up with a 50
Gabriel: Oh, yes, yes. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cool. Do you remember what that was. With that event that wasn't 100 meeting. I'm ready to punch or break something, or
Gwenevere Abriel: Run for my life. It wasn't that distressing and it wasn't a zero, which is just a relaxed body and and very, very little stress. So for you, 100 know pull it down to just a 50. Do you remember you can think of a new one. Something that you can still think straight
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not snow activating, you can still think
Gwenevere Abriel: What would be an event.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's a memory and a level of distress at 50
Gabriel: Oh yeah, we had mentioned that it's when someone when I'm talking to someone and they don't. And they don't. And I asked him a question.
Gabriel: And they're like, Oh, what, and I'm just like, dude, I've been talking for like two minutes. And that really upsets me but not like all the lights on it. But, so about 50 when I'm just like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I remember it now.
Gabriel: Yeah, that's that's alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know anyone who does it on a regular basis that really you know maybe is superficially listening and sort of giving you a superficial answer really not listening at all. Do you know anyone that does that.
Gabriel: No, not really.
Gabriel: I remember the people that have
Gabriel: My friend Nick.
Gabriel: And
Gabriel: Myself. My mother's husband.
Gabriel: Cuz I just saw this past weekend and
Gabriel: You know, I see that he does it all time he's old
Gabriel: He's retired military so like, you know, maybe that's how they
Gabriel: Do it. I have no idea.
Gabriel: That's about all that I remember actually does it sometimes, but she only does it
Gabriel: Will give me one second. I have to. I have an ignition interlock in my vehicle so I have to blow into it, it just to make sure that I'm not drinking alcohol.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Sure. Thank you.
Gabriel: Okay, I'm back.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've mentioned that before. For some reason, in my mind, I didn't think you had any active cases, who's monitoring knows what court ordered that
Gabriel: No one I have it for my own self.
Gwenevere Abriel: You installed it
Gabriel: Why you didn't have it for a long time. And before I had that before I joined the program. I was drinking and driving and I'm
Gabriel: And I talked to my mother and Ashley, Ashley doesn't drink, smoke, she will do anything. And I asked them if they think it was a good idea.
Gabriel: Ashley would know that I would drink and drive. And my mom didn't. And once I joined the program.
Gabriel: About
Gabriel: I want to say about four weeks in is when I had it installed.
Gabriel: Because that will guarantee that I can't because then I can't work. I can't do anything. So it's just an extra
Gabriel: You know, an extra motivator.
Gabriel: But no, I don't have any active cases or anything. Okay.
All right, thank you for that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's go back to this sun. The sun scale. This is a basically a thermometer of temperature reading so that I have some idea of where your window of tolerance for distresses
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we've got Nick mother's husband and what's the emotion you feel when someone appears to not be listening to you.
Gabriel: I feel like
Gabriel: Like I don't matter.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's clarify a little bit. I'm going to write down. I don't matter.
Gwenevere Abriel: And sort of in my world right in this therapy world. I will say,
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't matter is a belief.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll track backwards. See if you can identify when you're busy thinking that living that as your reality. I don't matter.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now see if you can label the emotion. It's going to be one word might be a combination of single emotions, but it's not going to be preceded by, like, it will be an emotion, try it on. For a moment I don't matter. How do you feel emotionally when you sit with that belief.
Gabriel: I feel sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, absolutely. I guess that proof.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Emotion is said
Gwenevere Abriel: How much you to track back
Gwenevere Abriel: Go back in time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pull up from that memory bank that's her hippocampus. It stores lots and lots of information. I want you to pull up the earliest time with the most intense time
Gwenevere Abriel: That you have this awareness. I don't matter.
Gabriel: No good.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have it in your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: How distressing is that memory on a zero to 100
Gabriel: Like a 90
Gwenevere Abriel: That one's a lot stronger, isn't it, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. How old were you
Gabriel: Maybe about six
Gwenevere Abriel: And the emotion.
Gabriel: Painful
Gwenevere Abriel: Painful is it in that same sort of sad pain.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you open to sharing, just a little bit about the context of that memory, what who it was with or what was going on, or is it too much to think about
Gabriel: Now I could share a little bit
Gabriel: My, my dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was he leaving
Gabriel: ignoring me
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I gotta tell you that ignoring of a little one. It really makes an imprint.
Gwenevere Abriel: It.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really makes a stamp.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let me tell you about kids.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're adults. The grown ups are your hero, they're like God.
Gabriel: Man.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when you're ignored.
Gwenevere Abriel: It can feel like death.
Gwenevere Abriel: So lonely helpless.
Gwenevere Abriel: It can be so awful. It doesn't surprise me that that is way deep in that memory.
Gabriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we don't want to be ignored. We need to be seen.
Gabriel: Really important. Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, so now I know
Gwenevere Abriel: It's that one that gets it way up to 90. So let's come back down. I want you to have the experience of regulating around that kind of experience. Let's do this. Breathing together. Let's do this. Diagnostic breathing together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here we go, let's feel better. Let's be in a relaxed body.
Gwenevere Abriel: Breathing in through the nose.
Gwenevere Abriel: And exhaling out in the next in breath. I want you to be really clear that you send that air to the bottom of the longer you expand your belly out it's harder to do.
Yeah, here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we'll do a little box breathing. So on your INHALE, YOU READ IN FOR FOUR.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then hold for 321 and the next time we'll do some holding. So on your inhale. So hold the breath of the top hold it there, hold, hold, hold, push it all out of your mouth flat tummy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Always wanted to hold it out, no air and the tummy or in the lungs. We got 1234 inhale through the nose. Push the belly out. Get that lung expanded at the bottom. Yep. You can hold it, hold, hold, and push it all out.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's that flat, flat, flat belly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really keys that that air get put not up at the top of the long but down at the bottom.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do it again. Make sure you push that belly out as if that's what gets expanded, not the top. It's hard to do the top wants to expand. We want to get it down into the belly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice. All the way out. And let's hold it no air at all for a count of 4321 and breathing in that air push it down at the bottom of the long so your belly pooches out
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and let it go. Push it all, though.
Gwenevere Abriel: You continue to do it. And I'm going to be talking to you about the importance
Gwenevere Abriel: Of the Vegas nerve that's wrapped around those organs underneath the diaphragm. We want that bottom of the lung pushing down on the diaphragm swooshing those organs down below it sends a signal up the Vegas nerve to the brain. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's nothing to be distressed over. There's actually no danger.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can be in a relaxed body as we recall some things that happened in the past because they're in the past.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're not happening right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're in a relaxed body and you are safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's really key that breath go into the tummy really like a Buddha, it just expands.
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't stay up at the top of the chest will have very little movement up at the top of the shoulders, because the air will be down low.
Gwenevere Abriel: 80s and put your hands on your belly and have it expand as you breathe in and won't move much
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let it all go
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do another couple of those this time do that same thing fill that one up with the bottom. Let's push those hands. There it is. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pushing all out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let me check in on you and see, see what number you're at right now we're up at 90 where you think you're at
Gabriel: I feel better.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, what number you think
Gwenevere Abriel: went way down. So that's a great tool for you. Okay. And you can use that anytime right when it's starting to get extreme, you can use that. That's the real go to
Gabriel: Really good actually. Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's, that's the right that's that box breathing or you could call it diet for matic breathing. That is, you got science on your side there. That's not. You don't even have to believe in it for it to work. Okay.
So notice
Gwenevere Abriel: This idea of being ignored, right, the intensity of it can be attached to current triggers.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, it is. I think my best guess is, I have been able to trigger it. I've been able to do it a few times.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've been able to almost piss you off or agitate you or I've watched right I've had some assumptions that I operate on and I'm like, oh, look what just happened. Right. Um, it can happen here. It can happen elsewhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the more you understand, oh my goodness this old network this old history just got activated something in the moment when someone's doing this thing and they're
Gwenevere Abriel: They're not paying attention to me or I don't think they are. I might be reacting this much with the potential threat of abandonment annihilation and terror have a six year olds response instead of this adult man that
Gwenevere Abriel: People are busy. They get distracted, you know, they're running their own story in their heads.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are capable of being an independent man on your own. You actually don't need need the same way that little six year old did
Gwenevere Abriel: But it gets activated can feel just as horrifying. Okay, so that could be what's going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. Well, let's go the other direction. Let's go down to something that's really low, like what's the situation where
Gwenevere Abriel: You remember something kind of got to you what you were able to regulate on your own. And it might be a stress level of a 10 or maybe it was a 20
Gwenevere Abriel: But you know what it was very low grade distress and definitely you were thinking you were probably in a great deal of a relaxed body and you were able to problem solve and self regulate you candle that moment. Can you think of a story.
Gabriel: Yeah, yeah, I remember. I remember when
Gabriel: Someone tried insulting me
Gabriel: And, like, try to like bully me
Gabriel: And like I just laughed at a half an hour just like whatever it is you're an idiot.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Nice. That feels good. Right. You didn't come unconscious, meaning that old memory of all those emotions. That's when we get a little unconscious. Right.
Gabriel: It's all that intensity
Gwenevere Abriel: Are able to to say to yourself, what in that moment when someone is talking smack and being a bully. What were you able to say about yourself.
Gabriel: Like that I used to be a bully, too. And I know what you're really thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the bully actually really thinking
Gabriel: Yeah, exactly.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did I say
Gabriel: That they're insecure. So putting the trying to make me feel insecure because they're insecure.
Gwenevere Abriel: We do that, don't we
Yeah.
Gabriel: It was funny to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so let's walk this through there was this awareness of relating to the underlying right self concept of the bully. Oh, man. You're just insecure. So hold on to that we got that far. Now just imagine in order for you to do that to have that kind of self awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Inner personal awareness, you have to go back in time, you have to be humble. You have to say I was like that too. You don't get offended so many things were happening in that moment you were like you had the whole brain work and
Gwenevere Abriel: One more question. See if we can find this one.
Gwenevere Abriel: In order for you to have done that. What do you know about who you are. What's your belief about you in that moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: It wasn't I'm pretty sure I don't matter can pretty much tell you that wasn't one, you must have been running on a cognitive belief, a belief about the self.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am what
Gabriel: I'm better than you at this moment.
Gabriel: I'm better. I don't think that, you know, so you think I'm better than anybody. But at that moment while he's trying to make me like be little me like I'm bet I'm he's trying to do that because even he knows that I'm better than him at that moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: So hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do but but i think let's find let's refine it a little bit because you know you can tell it's not I am better than him. But you are more skilled at something. Let's see what that is.
Gwenevere Abriel: In that moment when you can hold on to yourself not defend it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't have to defend it. You knew something to be true about you in that moment, and you didn't have to go. You didn't have to find with this guy over it. You didn't have to defend it. You have to explain it. You're just like, whatever.
Gwenevere Abriel: You knew something about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you know about you to be true in that moment you take, take your time, don't rush at it quickly, this, this is a hard one to get to. We already ruled out better than we already know that's not it. It's something existed. I am what
Gabriel: Like, like, I want to say like more confident than he is at the moment more
Gabriel: I felt
Gabriel: Better like a like a better
Gabriel: I don't know what what's
Gabriel: The word I'm looking for, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll tell you, I had already written the word confident down
Gwenevere Abriel: So my guess is that it's probably pretty true when you're in a space of confidence do you have a need to puff up bigger than you really are.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, like a bully does right you know we don't need to do that. Do we will we, when we got self esteem, self confidence. We don't have anything to prove
Gwenevere Abriel: We have our selves.
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't need someone outside of us to tell us. We're okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can self generate that
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you did a lot. All right. You did a lot. We've got three stories on this is sides thermometer. Here I've got, but I don't have a number to go with this this low grade one when someone was insulting you
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can give that a number in distress from zero to 100. What do we put it that one.
Gabriel: Like five. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I hadn't at 10 I'm going to move it down.
Gabriel: I will. Yeah. And I definitely not saying more like five guy was a distressed at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice. Now, look at that. This can inform how your days can go, you can say, well, you know what, I'm not an irritated defensive angry hostile guy when I remember
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm good enough.
Just the way I am.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now is fine. I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't need to prove myself. I have confidence when you're in that mindset when that's the operating system with which you make decisions.
Gwenevere Abriel: The likelihood of you making one that you're going to regret or it'll be like too over the top, or maybe leave something when you really haven't thought it through or you'll attack something and you haven't thought it through my guess is when you're in that, you know, what's that thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me, I'm feeling defensive and I'm attacking someone you might check yourself and go
Gwenevere Abriel: Which has happened to my confidence. Oh my gosh, I might be insecure about something right now. That might be a little space for you to explore
Gwenevere Abriel: So you can get to know why you might be reacting to people.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, getting defensive or getting hurt or feeling threatened, any of those things right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You the work you can do because we can't control what other people do. We cannot, we might think we can we can we can sort of take a look inside ourselves and say, hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm feeling a little insecure. I wonder what's coming up with that you can go to a reflection, you could go back in time and say, is this an old thing am I sensitive because of maybe an old hurt.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anything sit with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's courage. When you sit with that discomfort and you don't blame someone else, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't call them names.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the middle way Gabriel, it's not polar, you're no longer running away from you, from what you're experiencing you're feeling your way through it and then guess what you do this over and over and over. You meet yourself there in your real feelings.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no need for nothing.
Gabriel: How do I remember to do that in that situation.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll tell you. I'll tell you what seems to be the best signal.
Gwenevere Abriel: We have a physiological response that happens, it cannot be broken down to the instantaneous signal that happens in the body. The body is going to react almost instantaneous as soon as someone if they even give you a look, your body will register, I'm being ignored.
Gwenevere Abriel: Probably because that's a heavy hitter for you, right. I'm not in right you'll register it so fast, something in your body's going to get activated.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tight throat gut turning shoulders up sweaty palms tense, clip the fist, but something happens, and that's where the investigation can be, you start to take a look at how you actually feel physically because it will happen before you'll actually have the thought, way before
Gwenevere Abriel: The thalamus registers that this physiological experience.
Gwenevere Abriel: The middle of sort of has that emotional is this danger is this danger is this danger. These are really close to each other. The long distance. The part of the brain, way down here, it has to travel all
Gwenevere Abriel: The way up here as such a long way to go before it can find a word to describe what the heck is going on your body is going to know immediately.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's time to turn attention to that because notice how good that breathing felt that's body work that's getting into this relaxed body. We went somewhere, psychologically, didn't we, and I invited you to free then to the body. We're not exactly breathing into our brain right
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, we don't have to. They are connected. Everybody thinks there's just like we're cut off from the neck down, it's not connected to the rest of us.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's connected and it's connected, especially with the Vegas nerve Vegas nerve sends a signal to the brain when you're breathing like that there's no danger because who could breathe like that no one could be like that when there's a lion tiger beer. No one can't do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're up here. When you're in your dukes are up and you're ready to go.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're wired to regulate
Gwenevere Abriel: Our body knows what to do pay attention to it signals happening instantaneous. The next time you're hanging around. So the answer your question, pay attention to how your body feels
Gwenevere Abriel: As soon as you're like in a social situation attention to what it's like to be around Ashley, for example, notice
Gwenevere Abriel: She just gave me the stink eye. Oh, she's got her back to me. How's my body feel start there. Start the investigation there and come back and you tell me, tell me a group
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell everyone in group. Tell me an individual therapy journal it send a text, whatever you need to do. Let's find out.
Gwenevere Abriel: What gets activated, because it is going to be an amazing place to find out. Oh, we can check in there. Now we know where you get
Gwenevere Abriel: That that first response. Like I said, for me, I happen to know it's right here, I have to glands right here and they sting. It's the weirdest thing for some people to hurt right they get those you could yuki stomach.
Gwenevere Abriel: And another people right and they'll catch themselves in the big clenching their teeth catch yourself. Pay attention. Let's find out where that body is registering it because it's going to be a great place for future investigation because you want to know where to begin.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a great place. Pay attention to your body. It knows something important is going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: And yes, I'll get into all the communication stuff and cut negative cognition, I can get into all of that, but your body's really important
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you did some hard work in here, man.
Gabriel: Yeah, it was great. It was really enjoyed our session.
Gabriel: Yeah, we move forward with this. I'm enjoying the more and more. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Alright.
Gabriel: I honestly feel like I'm getting things out before it was like Okay, let me get through this. And I know that I'm paying attention. I feel like I'm actually getting something out of it.
Gabriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember what you just said, I'm paying attention. So you're feeling good. You are getting meaning out of it, but you have to pay attention right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you can't ignore you gotta lean into it bravely with curiosity and you will get the meat, you'll get something useful, but we can't do it cavalier, we can't do it as a side thing. This takes full attention. You deserve this full attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: It will feel good and healing and nourishing for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Two weeks from now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, that puts us at February 12 if you like this at 11 o'clock I can put you right there and then
Gwenevere Abriel: If you're not sure what those look like look ahead on your calendar and let me know you know maybe a group and say, hey, that's not going to fit the sooner I know that better than I can kind of shuffle people around. Okay.
Okay.
Gabriel: Do you need me to send a message.
Gabriel: Oh yes, if he can get my medication for Thursday and Friday.
Gabriel: Because he bridged my medication until today.
Gabriel: Yes, so
Gabriel: I am
Gabriel: Right. Hold on, let me go here, I almost forgot
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's okay. I am. I've been pretty good at these days.
Gabriel: Yeah, thanks for the reminder
Gwenevere Abriel: Sure. Gabriel is here.
For kiss. I see.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, you're good. Do you need anything other than the buprenorphine Suboxone
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well, we will see you then.
Gabriel: See you then. Thank you very much. We'll
Gabriel: Talk to you soon. Bye.